ray test fix (#201)
XanaduAI/MrMustard: .github/CHANGELOG.md

a pure dm was converted to ket).
[(#184)](https://github.com/XanaduAI/MrMustard/pull/184)

> * The ray related tests sometimes hangs in github action. This is an attempt to address it.

Reviewer: I'd change the wording here to adhere more to the CHANGELOG style. I always assume people is reading this in the future so I write it in past tense.
```suggestion
* The ray related tests were hanging in github action causing test to halt and fail. Now ray is forced to init with 1 cpu when running tests preventing the issue.
```
